hello welcome to my fav channel and be
Today I'm going to teach you how to make
little pancakes we are going to use a
refractory that is especially for
the little tanks
we will also use
the pieces of paper and we're going to put them in
each hole
it does not have to stay like this we're going to light
the oven at 180 degrees before you start
with all the mix we are going to use two
cups
of wheat flour and we're going to make it
anise
let's add a cup of sugar
we're going to do it live anyway
We are also going to add 2 tablespoons
of baking powder
and you also have to serve
let's add 4 eggs
ah
a cup of milk
a cup of vegetable oil
and with the help of the blender we will beat
and this has to be like this
good since we have the mixture we 're going
to start adding
but we're going to add it halfway
you never have to put it up
because if you are not going to fall
good since we have them ready what
We put in for 20 minutes, we're going to
introduce a toothpick if we see that
we still lack them we leave 5 minutes
plus
good as you can see so we are going to
stay took 30 minutes in the oven
and with the amount that I gave you
24 pieces come out
good if you liked comments leave me a
finger up and subscribe bye